feat: add crn parser submodule (#2)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-common-utilities: modules/crn-parser/README.md

# Terraform IBM common utilities CRN parser

> This module takes a CRN string input and returns each of the fields in the provided CRN as a separate output, for more information on what each of these fields represent see <https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-crn>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module takes a CRN string input, parses the CRN, and returns the segments in the CRN as separate output fields. For more information about what each CRN segment represents, see [Cloud Resource Names](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-crn).
```
